All right guys welcome back.
So this lecture we're going to continue on in the tools section to go over some more of the functions
that Jarvi can do for your zombies.
So the next section I think is worth looking at is the unfollow section.
Now follow back.
Just in case someone follows you you can follow them back.
That's something that's nice but Instagram doesn't really care if you do that and it doesn't necessarily
increase engagement so it's something I generally skip.
Now go to unfollow now.
This is something that I strongly suggest you run in tandem with your follow.
So if you have your follow tool set up and you have this switch to on then I definitely think you should
be doing your unfallen.
Now reason why is because if you follow Well it's going to start accumulating a lot of followings.
Right.
And so it's pretty important that you involve people otherwise you'll end up with 10000 followings and
100 followers.
That's bad.
Generally speaking if anyone saw that their likelihood of them converting and following you is much
much lower.
So I'd like to avoid that in order to get this to run in tandem with or follow it's pretty simple though.
We just want to make sure that the maximum unfollowed that it's going to be completing is larger than
the maximum follows.
Right.
So that over time we're not accumulating them.
I've made mistakes where my unfollow bought was like 20 percent less some I follow.
And then as you can imagine after a month those oh my god I'm following so many people.
So here it works very very similarly and feel free to just copy the settings I have.
I don't really need to get into every single one.
So we have to run timers we have things like unfollow items after a minimum of blank.
Now this is something that people will argue about for days.
How long do you wait before you unfollow someone because it's very often that you follow someone then
the next day you unfollow them and they just hadn't checked their Instagram in a day so they might see
it and then you know get turned off by the fact you're not following them anymore and they can see that.
And so they don't reciprocate.
So that's something to keep in mind.
I have it at once because I don't like the lag because the lag will always make it such that I'm following
too many people especially if I'm going aggressive on the follow bot.
So I like to set this at one.
So really only a 24 hour period where I have people I follow but haven't yet.
Unfollowed so they have weighed between 10 and 15 minutes for each operation and each operation is three
to seven.
Now remember my thing was four to eight but I have my settings down here as slightly larger so it just
runs over a longer period of time than I have a delay of three to 50 seconds.
Again here doesn't really matter.
Just make sure that you have a decent healthy range so that you're not just another long thought on
Father follow because that looks really bad if you tried to do that on your phone.
It'll drive you crazy and if you keep doing it too much Instagram will think that something weird is
going on then.
Same rules apply.
Have the execute between a certain period of time I do this up with my follow so that it's unfolding
roughly the same time and sleeping at roughly the same time same at the same.
Here with days kind of weird if for instance you weren't following on Saturdays but you were an following
on Saturdays.
That would just look strange that if only your activity on Saturday was following that would look kind
of like a bot.
Now I'm on a maximum of I put this just really really high because I just don't want to have accrued
lists of followers.
I just set this really really high.
If I don't have enough people unfollow it's automatically going to stop.
So I'm not really worried about that.
So that's why I set this maximum.
And then if you remember the maximum for follow is eight hundred.
Well I put my maximum unfollowed a 20.
So it's just always higher.
Like I said it's really important so that you don't end up accumulating too many.
So here you have some other settings you can really get into.
I don't know that these are super important.
One thing I like to do is say do not fall unfollow likers because if you find someone who then goes
on like some of your posts that means that that person is probably pretty engaged so I like to treat
them a little bit different.
I like to make sure they don't give them any reason to unfollow because these people are active.
That's great.
Same with commenters.
Now up here I have things like delaying your unfollow for people who follow back.
So if I follow and they follow back I don't immediately just unfollow them because they might actually
lose that follower.
You also do things like targeting users that follow from outside of Jarvi.
I don't really know why that setting even exists here you can say like I only want to unfollow people
that have the right ratio.
But again it just doesn't really matter to me whether you unfollow them and that necessarily means they
follow you is kind of it's kind of unclear.
I've had people follow me and they're great users and I immediately unfold them and it wasn't a problem.
Some other settings like do not unfollowed DMARDs I don't like to set that one because a lot of people
use auto response bots so they'll automatically DMH you.
So I that's.
There's too many bots to do that.
That's not exactly what I'm shooting for here.
Some other things you can do like.
Like Will an following.
That's just one thing.
You go and you like a thing where you involve them.
OK.
That's pretty much all you need to know but unfollow we can go over to like and like I said this is
not something I usually run.
So I try to be conservative with this.
If you do end up doing it make sure it's running during the same period of time as everything else you
look like a normal person.
Make sure that you are waiting time between each new operation and that when you do like posts you don't
just go crazy remember.
What would a human do with a human like 50 post at once.
Now I'd probably like two to five.
That's a good setting for me.
I'd like to also wait 30 60 seconds because I mean how long do you look at a post for you like it.
Right.
Could be 30 seconds could be 60.
I mean you could lower this if you wanted to that seems to be pretty normal.
Same thing out here we have like limits.
One thing you just keep in mind is that generally speaking 400 is going to be your maximum.
And again that's even if you choose to use liking I generally don't even like to use this like tool
because I use things like liking after unveiling and liking after following.
And I prefer to do to use my likes there as opposed to here because I'm more likely to get flagged.
It just looks to body.
So one thing I think also is pretty useful is if you do like user's most recent posts so the last three
most recent posts it's not particularly helpful to like say like an old post because they're just less
likely to see that.
But also it kind of looks like a robot doing that because if someone were to look at your account they're
not going to flip like your oldest post ever and like that so that can kind of get out of control.
I personally like to limit the maximum number of legs per user to two and that's just because you're
not going to get their attention because you LIKE FIVE post versus two you hit diminishing returns pretty
quickly and only going 400 a day.
Wow.
I mean you just can't hit as many people.
Then I have the basic user filters that I use for following.
I don't like to do it to non-English accounts because they're not going to follow me back.
Usually has a profile image make sure that they're real.
And that's pretty much the same thing you saw in the follow section where here I post filters and this
is just another way of drilling down on which posts you like.
So for instance I say within the last 60 days.
But again I said before it's the last three.
So this would be the case of the person only posts like once every 20 days or something.
I just want to make sure that I have multiple limits to make sure I am only liking things that look
normal.
Also here's a really important one I find is that filter posts by number of likes.
Now the reason why is because if someone has say like four thousand likes on a post they're just not
going to notice that you liked it.
You're just not going to get their attention.
So I like to limit it to two hundred.
That is more likely to get attention from personal accounts if I just have a personal account.
Tryna grow the account.
I'm not going to be getting that many likes.
So I think 200 is pretty normal.
And in that case I'm also going to be checking out people who interact with my account and I'm not going
be overwhelmed by how many people are interacting like an innovation station.
Every post we get gets like 4000 likes so I can't possibly read through all of those and look at every
single person.
Last thing I have is choose a random post from most recent users post.
That just means of the three within 60 days.
If I'm only liking to just randomize it because if I don't click this it'll just like the first two
and the last three within 60 days.
I know this can get kind of confusing.
It's really just experiment.
Trial and error.
OK now moving on.
Comment.
I don't do it.
I strongly suggest you don't do it.
It's just not something worth getting into.
It looks incredibly spammy to me that people do it.
Same story for direct messages.
Now this is something that maybe later on.
Once you've an account that's pretty much free and clear it's not getting flagged anymore.
That could be pretty useful because you could direct message them and say Hey check out my main account
and that is pretty effective.
Again though you've got to think about what a normal person would do.
Is that common for someone to send the same message over and over to someone.
All right I wasn't going to skip over manage comments delete posted comments because that's not something
I use Jarvi to manage.
I just do that myself but also I'm not trying to cure rate my posts that heavily with a robot account
so I generally don't care about it.
Also the name of block followers.
OK now let's hit repo's now as a very important one.
This is basically all all the magic happens with regards to your content.
OK so here we have virtually the same thing right we have run timers now we have to wait between a certain
period of time for each operation and each operation is going to be posting something.
So we have again think what's a human going to do.
How often every hour to two hours.
Is this account going to post what's a normal human do another human doesn't post 2 times an hour in
normal human post like.
I don't know two three times a day if it's a business account maybe four or five six times something
like that.
So these are settings I use.
Generally I like to wait one or two hours for each operation each operation is just one post that can
get out of hand if you say too many because it also doesn't make sense to posts like five posts all
at once.
And then obviously this doesn't mean anything because I'm only posting one thing time but if you are
posting to.
Then you tell it to wait between each post.
And I would massively inflate these then down here we have X CUPE between same settings as before.
Roughly the same period of time that we're awake supposedly.
Then you have repo's elements so reposed a maximum of certain per day and it doesn't really matter to
me because it's only going to be going off of one account.
This is useful if you have a lot of different sources that you're pulling repo's from.
Down here we have posters and again these are somewhat useful just kind of depends on your strategy
and there's really no wrong answer.
So for instance we can repost only images videos or images and videos or just albums for you know if
you wanted to make an account only post photos.
Well then you go with images or only post videos your videos or just an image or video because innovation
station does both so I don't want to discriminate against that.
Now you can also drill down unlike what the most common ones were filter by ones that are really popular
or filter my number of comments so these are actually pretty useful if you only want your zombies to
be posting the best of.
But you'll notice that if your main account hasn't been posting a lot that it doesn't have a lot to
choose from and so it'll actually end up posting the same things over and over again.
And that's something I kind of ran into.
Now this is one thing that I personally like to do.
And again it's something you have to tweak.
I like to filter by percentage of engagement so repo's only if the engagement is greater than the average
for all their posts.
I said like 30 percent I might lower this rate just because I don't want to only post the best posts
over and over again but I think 30 percent is a pretty healthy range innovation station at this point
has something like 600 posts so 30 percent over the engagement could easily mean that it's picking from
a pool of you know 300 posts or something like that.
So I think that's a generally decent strategy to use.
There are other repots settings.
These are things I don't really get into but you can post on your wall and in your story if you want
to really really hammer this home.
Just keep in mind.
I think if you're going to be automatically posting your story then that's hard to manage when you have
lots and lots of zombies.
If people aren't watching your stories then it's just a waste because those stories will just get filtered
out and people won't even see them really.
So one of the things I incorporated original post location and repo's original video cover.
Why.
Because my main account always has locations attached to it.
You kind of go back and look at our content strategy we covered why do that and then include the video
cover because otherwise it's going to grab its own video cover which might just look weird.
And again my goal here is to draw attention to the main account so doesn't make sense to post a video
of a robot that clicked on the main account and the cover is different.
They won't even recognize it.
There's some other ones like change profile picture if you repost.
I think that's incredibly strange to be honest.
But it's something you could do.
I think it's just so that people visually don't recognize you as this bot that's posting the same thing
over and over again.
Now out here we have post-captain tax.
Now this is something that you'll spend a lot of time on.
Why.
Because this is really the best way you can draw attention to your main account since the whole point
of a zombie is to get people to go to your main account.
We need a tactful way of bringing up hey there's other count and it's great.
So what I use is reposte from this username and that's innovation station.
And I think that's pretty normal.
People are used to seeing that.
It's not a great way of getting people to click it but it's a tactful way of doing it without looking
too spammy.
They also follow innovation and tech and trends.
That's something that I post on innovations in any way.
So I don't know then what I have is here is a comment.
Now if you noticed down here these are all what are called wildcards.
So if I put for instance like original post-captain I click this it'll add it.
And that means it'll take that original post caption and post it right there.
It's not going to post a bracket that says original post caption.
So that's just a way of kind of getting fancy and making your captions really dynamic.
Personally I like to keep the simple but you can make these really elaborate and such that every single
one looks different.
And to a normal human it doesn't look like you're just auto posting.
Personally in the past what I use you as habit.
Repost the caption because I liked my captions innovations.
But what I found out is that that looks too spammy to Instagram so I stopped doing that and Seagram
can notice that pretty quickly.
Now what comment is is actually just a function that means if I put comment then anything that I write
pass comment will show up in the first comment.
So Jari is smart enough that I can automatically post in your comment.
So for instance I wanted to only tag innovation nation in the comment but not the caption I could comment
and then this username add that right there.
OK now down here you can do things like find a replace.
So what that would mean is you can look for certain keywords in the camps and replace them with your
own.
Again it's just another level you can go if you really want to make this dynamic.
But then the last thing is a naval dynamic hash tags and this is preferrable what I use.
So each one of my zombie's has a different list of hashtags that it uses.
I don't want to post in the same exact things because that could look a little spammy but also it's
kind of over using the hash tag exposure that you have from your main accounts of your main accounts
posting on hash like technology.
I don't want 30 zombies also posting on hash tag technology of the same exact post that will start to
look like spam.
So what I did here is I put Max hash tags per post 2:33 now remember.
You might as well post as many as you possibly can.
I'd like to add a little variety just because Instagram likes to see a little variety.
But again there's no reason why you shouldn't post the most.
Then I just put two different lists and it will pick half of you know 13 to 15 from here and half from
here and I just mix them up and that's the way that I guarantee that it has a good healthy mix.
OK next lecture we're going to wrap up this by looking at users and hash tags and maybe a little bit
like the story viewer.
And that's it.
OK I see that.